About Neuralink:

We are creating devices that enable a bi-directional interface with the brain. These devices allow us to restore movement to the paralyzed, restore sight to the blind, and revolutionize how humans interact with their digital world.

Team Description:

The Brain Interfaces Software Team is responsible for the end to end software stack that manages implant communication, verification, manufacturing and monitoring. We own client side SDKs and full-stack platforms that are used by various divisions within the company. We are looking for versatile engineers who are interested in architecting and implementing elegant software solutions and who thrive with the autonomy to propose creative approaches to problems. 

Neuralink strives to be a meritocratic environment: we require honest and transparent communication to ensure the best ideas win out, and we believe the best solutions emerge and the best teams are created when you assemble high-performing individuals and allow them to engage in rigorous and thoughtful inquiry. We want to work with exceptional people, and, to the extent that you excel, we want you to take on more responsibility and help all of us succeed. If this speaks to you, come join us.

Job Responsibilities:

As a Software Engineer Intern on the Brain Interfaces Software Team, your responsibilities will encompass:

Developing and improving Neuralink’s Implant and Charger SDK
Maintaining Neuralink’s brain interface software and firmware build tooling
Developing and improving Neuralink’s Implant manufacturing line acceptance software
Maintaining Neuralink's Implant design control verification testing software
Developing and improving Neuralink’s Implant recorder system
Developing and improving Neuralink’s Implant monitoring system
Required Qualifications:

Fluent in Python and C or Rust (don’t get hung up on this—being an exceptional software engineer matters above all)
Experience (and comfortable) with the Linux/Unix systems and command line
Evidence of exceptional ability in engineering, mathematics, or computer science
Strong understanding of engineering first principles
Strong intuition for what matters in a production system (vs. research-grade)
Preferred Qualifications:

Prior experience developing software for safety-critical systems
About You:

You find large challenges exciting and enjoy discovering and defining problems as much as solving them
You deliver. You may enjoy thoughtful conversations about problems and perfecting design, but in the end, you know that what matters is delivering reliable solutions. (Our ultimate aim is to help people; the “right” solution doesn’t always achieve that)
You are mission-driven and goal-oriented in your approach to solving problems
You feel a sense of urgency to get things done sooner rather than later—because there is so much we, as people, can contribute to the world and accomplish in this life, it’s a shame to waste time
You are resourceful, flexible, and adaptable; no task is too big or too small
Pay Transparency:

Based on California law, the following details are for California individuals only.

Hourly Rate: 
$35/Hr USD
What We Offer:

Full-time employees are eligible for the following benefits listed below.

An opportunity to change the world and work with some of the smartest and most talented experts from different fields
Growth potential; we rapidly advance team members who have an outsized impact
Excellent medical, dental, and vision insurance through a PPO plan
Paid holidays
Commuter benefits
Meals provided
Equity (RSUs) *Temporary Employees & Interns excluded
401(k) plan *Interns initially excluded until they work 1,000 hours
Parental leave *Temporary Employees & Interns excluded
Flexible time off *Temporary Employees & Interns excluded